BD-2471 WhatsApp Updates (#6255)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/whatsapp/faqs.md

If you already use WhatsApp as a customer support channel, we recommend you keep your current setup and create a new WABA via Braze for marketing messaging. This WABA will require a new phone number. 

#### How can I “bridge the gap” between my customer support messaging and my marketing messaging via Braze? 

> You can use WhatsApp liquid properties to forward inbound WhatsApp message content (including message body and media URLs) from Braze to other platforms, including any customer support tool. For technical details, see [User Docs - Supported personalization tags]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/liquid/supported_personalization_tags/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use WhatsApp Liquid properties to forward inbound WhatsApp message content (including message body and media URLs) from Braze to other platforms, including any customer support tool. For details, see our [Supported personalization tags]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/liquid/supported_personalization_tags/). 
```

> To send information into Braze, for example, to indicate that a user is in an active support conversation, you can send in a custom attribute (e.g. "has existing support chat = true/false") and use that as segmentation criteria in their marketing campaigns. You can also deep link between two chat threads to direct users to the support thread from the marketing thread and visa versa. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send information into Braze, for example, to indicate that a user is in an active support conversation, you can log a custom attribute (such as a boolean "has existing support chat = true/false") and use that as segmentation criteria in their marketing campaigns. You can also deep link between two chat threads to direct users to the support thread from the marketing thread and the reverse. 
```

#### Does Braze store end-user responses? 

> Yes. Inbound and outbound messaging is available in the Messaging History tab of a user’s profile. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. Inbound and outbound messaging is available in the [Messaging History tab]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/segments/user_profiles/#messaging-history-tab)of a user’s profile. 
```

#### How do end-user phone numbers need to be stored in Braze? 

> End-user phone numbers need to be stored in e164 format. Technical details can be found in [User Docs - User phone numbers]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/whatsapp/faqs/#miscellaneous). 

Reviewer: I think this might be a more helpful article to link to, also just a fix for "E.164" styling
```suggestion
User phone numbers need to be stored in [E.164 format]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/whatsapp/user_phone_numbers/#formatting).
```
